# cs-340-client-server-dev

Writing the dashboard program helped me understand how the MVC model works in a real-life implementation.  Overall, I enjoyed building each component individually and then tying them all together at the end.  Writing the CRUD module that linked the front- and back-ends really hammered home how portable code can really be beneficial.  The crud module could be deployed on similar set-ups with different databases and collections and would still function the same.  I try to approach each problem with a logical mind:  what is the end goal, and how do I get starting at the basics?  Often times the easiest solution is the most elegant.  Fireship on YouTube has a great video about how bloated techstacks can really get when creating projects, bringing in too many unnecessary tools to handle functionality.  This project was a breath of fresh air because I was able to see how powerful a small techstack can really be.  I am already using what I've learned in this course to build a full-stack webapp to algorithmically trade cryptocurrency.  It was an idea I've been wanting to work on for a while, and seeing the implementation in this course of the Mongo-Python-Dash combo provided the perfect tools I need.  I love the simplicity of MongoDB and intend to keep using it as much as I can, espcially because it's a breeze to work with in Python. I'm already doing some courses on MongoDB University to keep growing my skills.

There is always a place for logic and design in this world.  So far in my CS journey, I have seen how these two, along with mathematics, can be joined together to produce truly innovative solutions.  My SNHU education has taught me a lot about the importance of information -- we need it, and the faster and more efficiently we can get it, the greater the positive impact.  It is my hope that in the future I can bring my skills to a company to help improve efficiency with which quality information can get to those who need it.  
